# CCCS of 15,16 oxygens from BARB experiment in June 2021

Webpage devoted to this experiment is under https://lxfrs.gsi.de/Beamtime2021/barb_2021/ where useful things like logbook, runplan etc. can be found.

Here some of my analysis scripts are committed. Not all of them are useful, but the ones you need are listed step-by-step:
* **calibrate_and_id.C** Calibrates the standard FRS detectors (except TPCs those calibration is trusted from Calibr step of Go4 and double-checked by Alex), creates .root file with calibrated data (like Analysis step in Go4)
* **merge_id_trees.C** Merges several .root files with id info into one (can be skipped if not needed)
* **count_ratios.C** Calculates number of incoming and outgoing particles for the files w/wo target, creates a .txt with these 2 numbers
* **calculate_cc.C** Takes .txt file generate by count_ratios.C macro for a pair of files (w and wo target) and calculates the CCCS and its error bar
* Data files are stored on lxg3162 under /data.local2/S533_June21_data/s533jun21/roots/

Transmission analysis (WIP):
* **transmission_check_x2.C** takes a looped cut on the x2 of TPCs21 and 22 and calculates transmission for each iteration, writes a .txt file
* **draw_transm_x2.C** Visualises transmittion in dependence on x2 from the txt file generated by transmission_check_x2.C, looks for a region where transmission is "stable" (the latter is also WIP) for files w/wo target.
**IMPORTANT:** all other transmission macros for variables like y2, a2, b2 etc. had to be redone due to bugs, therefore I don't commit them.

**Final remarks:**
I stopped this analysis at the point of transmission check. I got stuck with finding the region where transmission is "stable" by using some piece of code in order to avoid "by eye" method, my attemps you can see in draw_transm_x2.C. So one can either continue from here or check whether what I've done above makes sence :) 


Some notes of mine regarding this analysis including target thicknesses, some excel calculations, calibrations are in Google Disk of mine, the link is https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xfx0kCwk8q49ZWlIg1FLd5qs3h5fHQPA4BC4EDlfVrA/edit?pli=1&gid=650847879#gid=650847879
Only Rinku, Emma and Alex can see/edit.
